feat: social sign-in troubleshooting (#1337)
ory/docs: docs/kratos/_common/social-sign-in-troubleshooting.mdx

> There are a number of problems that could occur with setting up Social Sign in providers, such as redirect mismatch, redirect
> loops and domain verification. To troubleshoot these issues, please take a look at
> [Troubleshooting Social Sign in Providers](../../troubleshooting/troubleshooting-social-sign-in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you add a social sign-in provider, you can encounter common problems such as:
- Redirect URI mismatch
- Redirect loops after successful sign in
- Domain verification issues

To troubleshoot those issues, read
[Troubleshooting social sign-in integrations](../../troubleshooting/troubleshooting-social-sign-in).
```
